hey y'all it's me pretty weenie 77 and
it's time for another witty hair town ok
let me start I get extra light what was
my starting lint and my startling
actually was a BS b which is bottle of
shoulder-blade a lot of people don't
claim in a lot but this my startling um
i know i having a lot of new subscribers
though let me just show you how a
picture of my hair when I first started
my hair journey
the first thing I have a lot of people
smile sees yo hair was already long true
be told no I didn't start my hair
journey off it shoulder length no I
didn't start my hair journey off a
necklace or nape length but then does
not boy any progress that I have
accomplished during my hair journey I'm
aware that I have tons of new
subscribers let me just break it down to
you when I started my hair journey I
relaxed my hair there were four weeks
four and a half the most like clockwork
before I started my hair journey my mitt
I wore my hair straight down on my
shoulders every single day and I got my
hair straight with petruk petroleum
jelly
that's the lean in the flitter on the
highest thing so imagine the over
process this that was going on my hair
it's not nothing if your hair is not
healthy and let me put y'all on the
right check track there's a lot of
people joining these hairs or anything
and you are confused about I think y'all
kind of confused on the agenda
nobody I was not seeing anybody jump on
the hair journey training who only wants
length who has healthy hair and all
mostly because true be told with if your
hair is healthy length is gonna follow
that's gonna come it's gonna be a giving
so the whole hair journey thing if my
opinion is to have healthier hair and
that's why it saddens me when I see
people all hair journeys and the ends
are not healthy and y'all try to hang on
to it so you can reach your goal and
that's faster that's not right I mean
because if you go ahead and you trim
that off it's gonna only help you in the
long run hanging on to the hair it's
only gonna hurt you all day every day is
always gonna be held overland that's why
three months ago I did a video in which
I
my three inches off is my hair I was
tailbone I mean that was the longest my
hair is helping in my life babe
when it comes to health if I have to
lose a couple inches by because in a lot
it's only gonna help me in long running
so I really just really want to talk to
you guys to X Y all like what is your
reason for your hair journey where you
confuse that you think it was just oh
you're just gonna have unhealthy long
hair like if you don't have if you don't
have help wind is not gonna come and I
was just thinking um before I was
recording this video and I remember cuz
the high school I think my hair at the
loan was probably like here especially
in the French always shorter and I
remember this girl staying one of my
classmates Sam
Oh Wendy got some long hair and another
girl saying so it is all split and back
in the day I was like this girl is hey
but I look at it it was like she was so
right my ears was so sweet when I
started doing my hair when I graduated
from high school I gonna tell you I
haven't here there was ago but um baby I
never trimmed my ears ever
it was another like was a year before my
hair dried out of the year right before
that then I even started getting trims I
go start going on the super clicks a doe
used to cut my hair cuz I went one time
and I can't make out with
shoulder-length hair I think that was in
2013 I should show you our picture
after that night to cut my hair I
started going to a dude it wasn't into
the dude start working there and now it
was justified in the co I started
trimming my own hair so my last topic
but I just went really wanted to you
know drop that on your like what is your
reason for a hair journey was if your
hair is already healthy where are you
why are you doing the hair journey I
know a lot of people come in with hair
that has so much potential in you but we
always struggle with something and
entering its who the hair journey um
we're a gang y'all know I refer to it so
some people might have a problem using
too much heat somehow probably some
people may have a problem but changing
their color too often it's over process
because it a some people here might be
over processed because too many relaxers
and this is like these disco for natural
or with eggs maybe using too much heat
on your natural hair maybe dunno know
the proper way to deep condition maybe
you just need to find the products you
know this working for your hair it's all
it's all learning experience for this so
I just hope that I shine the light on
some of y'all on this talk because I
feel like it really needs to be
addressed because it doesn't really
matter how old my hair was when I first
started my hair journey it all that
matters is they hit the state the health
state of my hair when I started my hair
journey and it was not good so thank
y'all so much for listening this is the
open discussion so feel free to come me
anything in the comment section thank
you ladies so much for watching and I
will see you guys next week